Update readme (#3)
DevExpress-Examples/xaf-how-to-dynamically-change-mask-settings-based-on-the-current-object: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T236972)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# XAF - How to dynamically change mask settings based on the current object

This example demonstrates how to change mask settings of a certain editor dynamically, e.g. based on properties of the current object.

>   

Reviewer: ![chrome_pDcpJI0J3C](https://github.com/DevExpress-Examples/xaf-how-to-dynamically-change-mask-settings-based-on-the-current-object/assets/14300209/5b5c73f4-7096-45ea-aed1-5334d91bc104)

давай картинку добавим

>   

Author: ```suggestion
  
<kbd>![example](./CS/EFCore/DynamicMaskEF/DynamicMaskEF.Module/Images/how-to-dynamically-change-mask-settings.gif)</kbd>
```

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T236972)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# XAF - How to dynamically change mask settings based on the current object

> This example demonstrates how to change mask settings of a certain editor dynamically, e.g. based on properties of the current object.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to change mask settings of a certain editor dynamically (for example, based on properties of the current object).
```

  
<kbd>![example](./CS/EFCore/DynamicMaskEF/DynamicMaskEF.Module/Images/how-to-dynamically-change-mask-settings.gif)</kbd>

## Implementation Details

There are two ways to implement this functionality:

1. Implement a `ViewController` that handles events of the current view and changes settings of required editors, as shown in the following topic: [Access the Settings of a Property Editor in a Detail View](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/402153/getting-started/in-depth-tutorial-blazor/customize-data-display-and-view-layout/access-editor-settings).

> 2. Implement a custom Property Editor (e.g. a descendant of the corresponding built-in property editor) and change settings of its control. For more information, refer to the following help section: [Property Editors](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/113097/ui-construction/view-items-and-property-editors/property-editors?p=netframework).

Reviewer 2: 1. Let's change "e.g." (which technically requires a comma at the end) to "for example" (with a comma at the end).

2.  What do you mean by "and change settings of **its control**"?  So the custom Property Editor has another control within it? Please clarify.

Author: Hi Albert. Yes, each property editor is represented by the corresponding control in the UI (https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/113097/ui-construction/view-items-and-property-editors/property-editors?p=net6). Can we rephrase this sentance in the following way?

```suggestion
2. Implement a custom Property Editor (for example, a descendant of the corresponding built-in property editor) and change settings of the associated underlying control. For more information, refer to the following help section: [Property Editors](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/113097/ui-construction/view-items-and-property-editors/property-editors?p=netframework).
```

Reviewer 2: Thank you, Irina!

This example demonstrates the first approach. To implement it, the following classes are added:

* `DemoObject` - a persistent class with `TestString` and `Mask` properties. Mask settings of the `TestString` property are changed based on the value of the `Mask` property.
* `ChangeMaskControllerBase` - a platform-independent controller that handles events required to update the mask settings at the appropriate time.
* `WinChangeMaskController` - a WinForms-specific controller that customizes settings of a WinForms control.

> * `BlazorChangeMaskController` - an Blazor-specific controller that customizes settings of a Blazor control.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `BlazorChangeMaskController` - a Blazor-specific controller that customizes settings of a Blazor control.
```
